I've got 4 large completed projects. Two of them as a team lead.
I also have been involved in three smaller projects.
2 gazprom, 2 years
1 sberbank, 1 year
1 nlmk, 6 months
1 I cannot divulge, 6 months

At the gazprom project we used HANA XS backend, so we used xsjs, xsOData and hana calculation views. I understand hana views and can build simple ones. I wrote xsjs services with sql requests. So I'm familiar with sql and i can write simple requests.
We used Hana studio, and it was our version control system.
The application was for the maintaining the state of the gas transmission network, state management and maintenance scheduling.

The second gazprom project was Master Data Management application.
I can mention complicated data structure with dynamic tables and a lot of data parsing. It also used xsjs and xsodata backend.


Further I lead a project at the Sberbank. It was a bunch of 5 fiori lunchpad applications with common abap odata backend. Among other things I set up lounchpad tiles, groups, roles and everything connected with it. There were no dynamic tiles.
It was a split app with main Master part, and every detail part was a separate app. We used git there.
I created a few custom controls for that app. Buttons and visualisation control, like wizard steps but more complicated and with dynamic colors.
Buttons had different styles. I extended renderer instead of custom css there.
There were some CDS services.
I can mention little odata experience for abap developers, so I had to resolve some backend(server?) issues,
like Activation ICF Services and assignment system alias. I became familiar with metadata, Gateway Service Builder and it's client, se38, se80 and cache cleanup.



Next project I lead the development of a management reporting system for the ETS division for NLMK.
It were four similar apps with Tableau integration.
There was an interesting requirement to support copy paste from excel to table. So you can copy several columns and past it into the table.


Next project I completed alone. It was a new page for an existing app. It was decided to make it separated app from main service and it provided a few problems.
The data and the state (we block an item in the main app) I have to store among two apps. Data storing is ok, but it's not that easy to sustain connection cos of different sessions.
App is a page with a lot of consolidated data from different services and rights for every property. It's a very dynamic page, cos I had to place different types and numbers of controls depending on data I receive, and with it's own items and backend validation.

For now I'm consulting other developers in my company.
